This is the photo from our nude calendar from earlier.
What a provocative expression. Way to go, Shinra!
Give me a break, sir.
I'm just smiling out of anxiety from having a camera pointed at me.
Well, down to business.
You're going to get your sit-down with Captain Hague of the 4th.
If what you say is true,
he could be a lead on the identity of the Evangelist,
and to unraveling the mystery of Adolla Bursts.
Do you mean it, sir?
It's unusual for a Second Class Fire Soldier to have a personal meeting
with the captain of another company,
but then, you also have the support of Lieutenant Asako.
The lieutenant says she will accompany you to your meeting tomorrow.
Shinra, do you know about the 4th?
Of course I do, sir. The 4th oversaw the academy I attended.
But why does only the 4th have a training academy?
The Fire Defense Agency is directly over the 4th and regular Fire Fighters.
"Fire Defense Agency"
"Special Fire Force Company 4"
"Fire Fighters"
The academy is under the Fire Defense Agency, and managed by the 4th.
"Academy"
Just as you say you saw Captain Hague during your Adolla Link,
Captain Hague may be interested in your Adolla Burst.
Whatever his reasons, your meeting with him works in our favor.
I'm counting on you, Shinra.
The Adolla Burst boy...
"Episode 2: Flames of Madness"
"Special Fire Station 4: Special Fire Soldier Training Academy"
This sure takes me back.
Begging your pardon.
Forgive us for interrupting your training.
Instructor Pan!
"Special Fire Force Company 4" "Special Fire Soldier Training Academy Instructor" "Purt Co Pan"
It's been a while, Kusakabe.
Pardon me, it's Lieutenant Pan here.
What are you doing here, Kusakabe?
I'll bet that toilet of the 8th flushed you away.
Karin, a toilet bug like you stayed here without getting flushed?
Huh? What did you say, mother-killer?!
Don't they teach you here at the 4th
that if you grab someone carelessly, you get joint-locked and thrown?
Everyone at the 8th knows that.
...What the hell do you think you're doing?! ...Hey, don't you insult us!
Just be grateful I didn't break it, you wuss.
Take it easy. Remember, you're the one who started it.
Kusakabe, you never change, do you?
Ogun!
I just had my guard down, that's all.
Sounds like something you'd say, Karin.
I'm sorry.
You have to actually say that in words for people to understand you.
The instructor's whistling is still the same.
It looks like you know a lot of people here.
This is Ogun. He was the head of our class.
He didn't have any friends, so Arthur and I palled around with him.
Arthur is no friend of mine, you know.
Yeah, yeah.
I hear you're doing well over at the 8th.
As are you.
Lieutenant Pan says he's going to show us in. Thanks for your help.
I'm surprised you could understand that.
What business do you and the 8th have with the captain, Lieutenant Asako?
We want to hear from my grandfather about how,
ever since he got those scars on his face, he's changed.
Captain Hague is a great man.
A leading figure, who rose up from the regular Fire Fighters
to become a member of the Special Fire Force.
All of us here at the 4th look up to him.
Even now, our feelings for him remain unchanged.
The captain is up ahead. He asked for you to go in alone, Kusakabe.
Just me?
I've told him that you'd like to ask about Adolla Bursts.
I don't want to be in the way, so I'd best not go with you at first.
All right. Well, then...
Excuse me, sir.
Second Class Fire Soldier Shinra Kusakabe, from the 8th.
Thank you very much for being gracious enough to see me today, sir.
I've been expecting you. To begin with,
I'd like to see your flames.
Would you mind burning me?
Oh, goodness.
Forgive me, forgive me. That must have startled you. Not like that.
Allow me to lay it out.
I want you to burn me!
Eww... G-Go on, go on, go on, go on... Burn you?
Burn me as hard as you can!
That's right! Go ahead and burn him, just like he wants!
Burn him. Burn him. Burn him to death.
Don't hold it in anymore.
Kill that despicable demon. Go ahead and waste him.
That demon was Mom. I can't possibly kill her.
Then what's to become of the thirst for blood you've had for the last 12 years?
It's not just going to vanish that easily, you know. Right?
...Devil! ...Mother-killer! ...You disgust me!
You only put up with all of it because once you killed that demon,
it would feel so much better, right?
Are you just planning to wave away all that pent-up anger?
Start burning and find your relief.
Like, "Yeah, I'm every bit the devil you say I am!"
Not so eager? After all, being a hero doesn't matter anymore, does it?
This whole world is one lie after another.
There's no such damn thing as a hero in a world like this.
Yeah, he's the one you want to kill the most right now, isn't he?
He decided for himself to hide everything from you.
This is on him.
Start burning.
Start burning, and you'll feel better. All of it. Set it all free.
Let go of all of that anger!
Sister...?
Plunge it all into your flames!
No, you're not the sister. Who are you?
That was an Adolla Link.
Has my contact with you triggered it?
So you saw a woman who looks like someone you know.
I'd like to meet this angel.
I want you to burn me even more now.
Eep!
Captain Hague, have you gone through an Adolla Link, too?
If that's what you want to call it, then yes. It was a magnificent experience.
Captain Burns had his eye burned out as his trade-off.
Are those scars on your face yours?
I've fought like crazy all this time to keep people's lives and property safe.
But on that day, two years ago, my way of thinking changed.
The Great Fire was enough to swallow up the whole city.
I thought I had saved so many lives,
but the truth is, I was unable to save so many more lives, wasn't I?
It was then that I felt a hope that was close to hopelessness...
A sense of liberation.
It felt like everything had been saved.
"Adolla Link"... Is that what that baptism is called?
What I saw was unlike the light of the sun preached by the Holy Sol Temple.
The light I saw was the veritable light of God.
To reach that divine realm is indeed the very salvation of mankind.
These scars are my stigmata... Sacred scratches that have opened my eyes.
Please, Kusakabe-kun, will you burn me with your holy flames?
I might be able to see that divine realm again.
Captain Hague, do you think that otherworldly hellscape is God's world?
Whether it is Heaven or Hell is fine to me.
The God and Devil that people conceive of
are both nothing more than a pale mockery of Adolla.
I've seen the verity of it.
I want to tell others that this is the truth!
I didn't feel any salvation in the Adolla Link that I experienced.
It probably feels mundane to you, possessing an Adolla Burst as you do.
However, I am just an ordinary man.
I'm just a man, too.
Mamoru-kun?
Shinra Kusakabe, I'll kill you.
Karin, why? Are you that upset over me tossing you about earlier?
It's the perfect opportunity, right? If that's how he wants it, then kill him.
What's come over all of you?
Kill him.
You've got the perfect target to take it out on. Kill him.
Free your anger. As hard as you can.
Burn everything... Kusakabe-kun?
Come on, let's get to it!
Burn everything!
Do it.
This is your Adolla Burst? It's so hot! Good! Good!
Grandpa!
We have our crewmen acting strangely here?!
Yeah, and Kusakabe-kun, as well.
It's almost like they're possessed by something.
...Mother-killer! ...Devil!
...You disgust me! ...Devil!
They said all that crap without even knowing anything...
No, I guess I was the one who didn't know.
Enough. It doesn't matter.
Die, all of you.
You need to start behaving yourselves.
I came to use the 4th's crewmen to get in Shinra's face,
and now the First Pillar is using Shinra to go on a rampage.
The First Pillar? Hey, Haumea, did you just say the First Pillar?!
Through an Adolla Link?!
Hey, tell me, is the First Pillar in contact with Shinra Kusakabe?!
...Charon, you are one damn annoying man! Die, you scum! ...Whoa! For
real? The First Pillar has appeared? Through an Adolla Link, right?
Yeah! Through an Adolla Link! You know where the First Pillar is!
It's not as though she's actually here, though!
She's using an Adolla Link to possess Shinra.
She has her sights set on Shinra's anger and resentment.
She's taking out her anger by using Shinra.
Shinra is synced in with his anger, too. Taking them on...
...are the slick fire-fighting elite old man, and the hotshot Buff user.
"Heat Resistance Buff"
I don't want things to get too rough inside my office.
We can't very well have a fire break out at the fire station.
Type 1 Fire Axes!
Almost as though you're a beast wearing a human form.
There's no need to hold back anymore.
Let's kill anyone who gets in our way.
How does she have this much hatred? Who is this?
I'm getting swallowed up!
Whoa-ho, that's hot! A-Adolla! Adolla!
What are you doing, Captain?! You should have been able to avoid that!
Very good... Yes, indeed...
But if I bask in it for too long, I'll never survive it.
...But still, I really want it...
...Grandpa...? ...But still, I really want it...
Please pull it together, sir! You really will end up dead!
Dead, huh? For the 4th's sake, I can't afford to die just yet.
Oh, that's amazing in its own right!
Even with his heat resistance boosted, he's not going to last like this.
Dodge him!
Those flame spears...
That Shinra bastard thinks he can do whatever he wants here.
I take my eyes off of him for a minute, and what does he do?
You're here just in time, Ogun!
And Arthur...?
We figured that shock lady we met in the Nether might come after Shinra again.
My captain has asked me to be his bodyguard.
What's with you? Is that really you, Shinra? What happened?
Is it that harebrained woman we met in the Nether? No...
I'm sensing yet another presence coming from inside you.
Kill you... Kill you...
Your face is as ugly as ever, though.
Time for a devil hunt.
Hey, hold on. Let's think of a way to bring Shinra back to his senses.
Easy enough to say, but how do we do that?
If Kusakabe-kun has become like this because of the effects of an Adolla Link,
we can either break the link, or...
Let's allow his two classmates to handle this, sir.
I'll back you up! You two just focus on stopping Kusakabe!
Here he comes!
Are you kidding me? That was too fast to see...
I increased your durability with my muscle-boosting whistle.
It still hurts like hell, though.
No fair!
So that's his Rapid, huh? After actually taking one,
our bodies can't move in time even if we do react.
Both of you, leave the Buffs and recovery to me.
All right, we'll fight him as a party. We'll tank on the front line!
"Buff" "Party Play" "SPD"
"Bard" "Pan"
I, Pan the Bard, will inspire the warriors with my magic flute.
"Warrior" "Ogun"
I, Ogun the Warrior, will avenge everyone in the village!
"Shield of Masochism"
I'm Shield of Masochism, created by the dwarves.
Wh-What the...?
Let's go, Knight King!
Yes, to strike down Satan!
Arthur, what's suddenly come over you? You're acting strange.
Is he being controlled, like the others?
No, he's going beyond us.
You mean he's playing knight like he always does?
But he looks even more obtuse than usual. He's going pretty deep, sir.
What exactly could have pushed his button like this?
The Adolla Burst!
Force Shield!
Shield Bash!
Arthur! What do you think you're doing with the captain?!
Good work, Shield of Masochism.
This has never happened to me before.
Captain, stop enjoying this!
"Slump"
Hey, Shinra,
what happened to being a hero?
I burned up all that rubbish about being a hero.
Do you really mean that? Or is that whoever's inside you?
What is that smile supposed to mean?
Are you celebrating, because you can finally reveal your true self?
...Or do you seek the Knight King's aid? ...Burn him! Burn him! Burn him!
I know where your mother is.
...How you can see her again. ...Hey, Devil, you hear me?!
I'll give you three chances. I'll let you off three times.
The fourth time, I'll slice you up. Come to your senses before then.
Did you even hear me?
I'm giving you four chances!
("*Wrong) 4 times" "Right) 3 times"
That was your first one.
You really are a damn powerhouse when you're delusional.
What set you off like this?
I was born a Knight King. That's the way I was brought up.
Knight King? Like, nobility?
What the hell kind of household did you grow up in?
Nobility, you say? Can royalty become nobility?
What kind of folk were we, exactly?
A fire that erupted at a restaurant was put out early yesterday morning.
"Restaurant Fire" "Did food poisoning lead to the fire...?"
The restaurant that caught fire
...is still reeling from a recent outbreak of food poisoning.
...They're talking about us on the news. What are we going to do?
Supper is ready, so go get your father.
Affirmative.
Hey, it's our last supper.
Sounds like the family's finances have gone up in smoke.
Something wrong, Arthur?
Why were you looking at the inside of your hat? Could you see something?
You always say the funniest things, Arthur.
Well, okay. I was looking at a sky full of stars...
The whole universe inside this hat!
You liar, it's pitch black. You can't see a thing in here.
Really?
I see a castle! It's your castle, Father!
A castle, huh? That's terrific!
There are lots of soldiers, too.
What are you two doing?
Come, Arthur, the ball is starting.
"To our dear son, Arthur, Your mother and father have gone on a journey to
save the world! The castle is all yours!! As of today, you are the king!!!"
King?!
Ever since that day, I have been the Knight King.
So, your parents just vanished, and left you abandon...
You have one chance left. Are you going to forsake being a hero and die?
I never needed that nonsense in the first place!
I really am going to have to go for the throat, or I'll be in danger myself.
Heroes are obviously stronger and cooler!
Hmph, you idiot. Knights are cooler.
We're not here to become either knights or heroes, but Fire Soldiers.
I'm going to unmask you for who you really are someday, Devil.
I have to be a hero.
It was a promise I made to my family.
I see.
In that, at least, we are alike.
I acknowledged you for keeping your oath, at least,
but in the end, you're still a devil!
If it means killing the demon that killed my old lady, then I'll be a devil!
But your mother was that demon, right?
Yeah, that's right.
My old lady's gone, and the demon who I wanted dead is gone!
It's too much hassle, so I'm gonna burn everything now!
How do you figure? I don't understand. What about your brother, Sho?
...Shut up! ...Shut up!
Screw you! What am I supposed to do with the thirst for blood
I've felt for the last 12 years?! ...Burn it up! Let it burn! Burn it up!
...I'm going to take it out on this lame-ass world by burning it up!
I'll kill anybody who gets in my way!
Knight Kick!
"Knight Kick"
Knight Punch!
"Knight Punch"
We never did settle the question between knights and heroes,
but you sure are weak, Devil!
What did you say?
Knight Head!
"Knight Head"
What do you know? The person I wanted to take vengeance on is someone I love!
Now who am I supposed to wanna kill to keep on living?!
Protect the ones who are important to you!
That's something that knights, heroes, and Fire Soldiers all do!
Even if you protect them, someday, their lives will pass on.
Become someone who snuffs them out, instead.
That way is much simpler and clear-cut, right?
Now, get up! Are you a hero, or are you a devil?!
Get up and answer me! What are you?!
And depending on how you answer, I'll cut you down!
That's it, burn him to death!
Am I a hero or am I a devil? Well, damn it...
I can't believe I seriously have to answer such a ridiculous question.
I am a hero!
Get out of me!
Guess I'm out of luck. But I enjoyed that more than I expected.
Wait! You said you would let me see my mother, right?
Does that mean my mom still actually exists?
Heh-heh, that's a good question. You rejected me, so I'm not telling.
Wait!
Oh, one other thing.
Haumea, Sho, Shinra... and now it looks like one more Pillar is about to be born.
Pillar? You mean, a person who has an Adolla Burst?
I've become aware of the birth of this new Pillar.
The Evangelist must have realized it, as well.
The Fire Force or the Evangelist... Which one will obtain the Pillar?
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
The appearance of a new Adolla Burst is predicted
by the mysterious girl who threw Shinra-san for a loop.
Word is that it might be the so-called Fireground Thief schoolgirl.
It couldn't be! Her? Delinquent behavior is bad!
If you want, I'll get you out of here.
That is, after you give me your valuables.
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 3, "A New Flashpoint." "Episode 3: A New Flashpoint"
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org